Armash Fankar
Full Stack Developer at Unico Connect LLP

armashfankar@gmail.com


Summary


I have over 11 months of experience working in web development industry. Currently, I work as full stack

developer,developing websites for our clients by using Laravel, PHP , Wordpress , Shopify etc.


Previously, I have done internship at fitrangi.com, where my role was to design pages and to solve bugs.


Competencies: Laravel,PHP,eCommerce,Wordpress,

Ajax,Jquery,Networking & Security.




Experience

Full Stack Developer at Unico Connect LLP
June 2015 - Present (11 months)

  Developing eCommerce,WordPress and dynamic websites.


Internship at Fitrangi.com
January 2015 - May 2015 (5 months)



Skills & Expertise
HTML
MySQL
PHP
JavaScript
Networking
SQL
CSS
Web Development
Software Development
Laravel
Shopify
WordPress
Microsoft Office
Node.js


                                                                                                         Page1

AngularJS
Opencart
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Linux
Management
jQuery
HTML5
Databases
E-commerce
CMS


Education
A.I.KALSEKAR TECHNICAL CAMPUS
Engineer's Degree, Computer Engineering, 2012 - 2015
Grade: Distinction
Activities and Societies: Technical Workshops,Sports,Cultural Events,Technical Events
A.I.ABDUL RAZZAK KALSEKAR POLYTECHNIC
Diploma in Computer Engineering, Computer Engineering, 2009 - 2012
Grade: First Class
Activities and Societies: Workshops,Sports,Cultural Events,Tech Fests.
Abdullah Patel High School
SSC, 1999 - 2009
Activities and Societies: Science Exhibitions,Sports,Essay Writing Competitions,Drama


Interests
Travelling & Cooking


Projects
Bebajrang.com
July 2015 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, shashank sawant

Irasoleil.com
September 2015 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, shashank sawant

Illuminati Fabric + Frame System
October 2015 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, shashank sawant

Variotrading.com
August 2015 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, shashank sawant

Biguineindia.co.in Salon & Spa
September 2015 to Present



                                                                                         Page2

Members:Armash Fankar, shashank sawant

Frapp.in
July 2015 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, shashank sawant

Mini Project Online Certification Using Core PHP and Mysql
April 2014 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, saima haji

Intelligent Job Search Engine using PHP (Final Year Project)
May 2012 to Present

Members:Armash Fankar, nabeel hawa, Aquib kazi, Musab Jummal


Languages
English
Hindi


Volunteer Experience

EVENT ORGANISER at AIKTC
March 2016 - Present

   ALGORITHM 2.0

   Theme for this event was "Digital Solution for Natural and Man Made Disasters" where we have got great

    participations from many different colleges and found some amazing solutions which can be used to help

    people during disasters.

   Judges for this competition was from NGOs and IT experts.

EVENT ORGANISER at AIKTC
April 2015 - Present

   ALGORITHM 1.0

   Algorithm 1.0 was conducted to solve social problems like Child Abuse, Child Labour and Violence against

    Women,Hunger etc to make people aware and to solve such serious problems exists in our society.

   Many students from various colleges participated and provided their best solutions.



Courses
Engineer's Degree, Computer Engineering
A.I.KALSEKAR TECHNICAL CAMPUS
Soft Skills Training Programme
Web Development Workshops


.................................................................................................................................................................


Independent Coursework


                                                                                                                                                          Page3

CCNA


CCNP


Publications
Efficient Way Of Web Development Using Python And Flask
International Journal of Advanced Research in Computer Science (IJARCS) August 8, 2015

Authors: Armash Fankar, Musab Jummal, Aaraf Murade, Prof. P. S Lokhande, nabeel hawa

  Web is the most frequently used networking aid which satisfies the requirements of all types of users; it

   provides a solution for any type of problem definition. While developing a web portal the appearance of web

   portal makes a development more critical. The good appearance of a web can easily attract more number of

   visitors which is a success of web portal. For designing and developing such well structured and with the

   good appearance of web we have to choose a proper technology. The technological needs of satisfying a

   good web portal can be fulfilled by "python" and "flask".


Certifications
CEH
maharashtra state board of technical education      September 2012


Organizations
Unico Connect LLP
Web Developer

  Unico Connect provides Website, Ecommerce and Web Application development. We create attractive,

   modern, and user friendly interfaces for our customers.
Programmers Club
Core Member

  The group was founded with a goal of inculcating habits like teaching, learning and sharing knowledge

   among peers and freshmen students. The club is very much successful in achieving its goal and continues to

   deliver the best by its student community.


  Participated in various organizing roles.

  Held and tutored Mysql and Basic networking workshop.

  Held and tutored web development workshop.

  Organized intercollegiate web development competition.


Honors and Awards
SECOND PRIZE IN HACKATHON (Microsoft India (R&D) Pvt. Ltd)
CODENITI

March 2014



                                                                                                           Page4

First prize in Cricket Championship
A.I.KALSEKAR TECHNICAL CAMPUS

January 2014

Second prize in Cricket Championship
A.I.KALSEKAR TECHNICAL CAMPUS

January 2013




                                        Page5

Armash Fankar
Full Stack Developer at Unico Connect LLP

armashfankar@gmail.com




Contact Armash on LinkedIn




                                             Page6

